basic point assignment - def assignPoints(wordStruct)
basic find whether noun - def find_whether_noun(sentence)
basic find whether adjective - def find_whether_adjective(word)
find redundant talk
	find the most common noun
	list every noun in dictionary with values of frequency
track connectors ('and', ',' ,'with')
find important noun when there are x+1 nouns in sentence

semantic analysis with no data
	impossible
	could use atleast a few guidelines
	is semantics necessary?
	not yet i think

make verb file
lemmatize verbs

find redundant talk
	find the most common noun
	list every noun in dictionary with values of frequency
	


todays objectives 
sentence generation
	1) Question - 
		a) not knowing enough about a subject matter
			what is the subject matter ?
			is there anything in the local tree that will help me decipher the subject matter ?
				elementary physics
				user relations
				personal topics
				general knowledge
		b) reconfirming a fact about a subject matter
			am i aware of the situation im in with the user?
				user's current mental state
					rates of positivity and negativity
						indepth semantic analysis
			how well do you know about the subject matter?
		c) just asking for the sake of humor ?
			what is humor ?
			what kind of humor is most appropriate?
		d) just asking for the sake of spontaneous curiosity
			is there anything relatable to ask about?
				what are the available relations to ask about
			just how important is the question?
			did i ever ask this question from the user before?
				if so, how many times ?
			can i guess the current answer on my own?
				if so, how accurate is it?
					is it accurate enough to reveal to the user?
	2) Statement - 
		a) do i know enough about a subject matter?
			if so, then what should be the structure of the statement
				length
				semantic level
				percentage of user given definitions
			if so, then what should be the semantic value of the statement
				generally positive
					encouragement
'					projection of joy
						for oneself
						for the user
				 generally negative
					dissaproving
					projection of sadness
						for oneself
						for the user
							be aware of the situation using semantic analysis once again
			if not, then what kind of statement should i give?
				generally stable conversation goer
				be aware of users last input
					try to reciprocate the intepreted context
	
					
	
fixing things
	noun importance - currently taking too much precedence with first noun

currently creating tree object 
	created a separate class from a separate file that handles all the initialization
		add_object_node()CORE
		show_object_nodes()SUPPORT
		update_object_nodes()CORE - STILL UNDEVELOPED
	connected the file to 3-14
		passed input sentence as parameter into treeObject.add_object_node()
		need to generate unique Object Name from input - FUNCTION CURRENTLY DEVELOPING ############
		need to generate unique detail name from input - FUNCTION
		need to generate branch level from input and detail - FUNCTION
		need to generate personality score - INDEPENDANT FUNCTION 
		need to generate understanding score - INDEPENDANT FUNCTION
		need to generate unknown score - INDEPENDANT FUNCTION

	i love cats (only noun and only adjective)
		create detail under User
		create object name called Cats and add detail
		
	i love cats and dogs (multiple nouns,constructor and only adjective)
		create detail under User
			OR
		update existing detail under User
		create object name called Cats and add detail
		create object name called Dogs and add detail
		
	i love cats and hate dogs (multiple nouns and corresponding adjectives)
		create detail under User
			OR
		update existing detail under User
		create object name called Cats and add detail
		create object name called Dogs and add detail
	I feel sick
		create detail under User
		create object name called sick and add detail
	
	Brian is such a mean person
		create detail under User
			OR
		update existing detail under User
		create object name called Brian and add detail
			
	Brian used to be a close friend of mine
		create detail under User
			OR
		update existing detail under User
		create detail under object name Brian
			OR
		update detail under object name Brian
		create object name called friend and add detail
		
got stanfordPOSTagger working :
	You: where is the academy ?
	generating object name...
	[('where', 'WRB'), ('is', 'VBZ'), ('the', 'DT'), ('academy', 'NN'), ('?', '.')]

todays objectives : 
	RECONFIRM : Are all the support functions ready ? YES BUT WITH SMALL SPECTRUM
	REVISE : Only record sentences that are not primary greetings or endings - BOTH ARE NOT WORKING
	REVISE : Chatbot info pushback (highlighting the wrong keyword) use StanfordPOSTagger
	TARGET : Be Ready for sentence generation by the end of the day

What are the local support functions required for now?
	1.Length of the sentence DONE
	3.The fragmentation of a sentence DONE -> array
	4.The semantic value of a sentence DONE IN BASIC needs larger spectrum
		added semantic parameter to existing add node function
		sentiment analysis is working with 4 types of scores
		using compound score to decide if sentence is positive or negative
	5.POSTagging - DONE
	6.check for greetings or endings DONE
	7.check whether a sentence is a question or a statement DONE IN BASIC

look at Ontology to make data storage and retrieval easier - NOT WORTH THE EFFORT

	
	